---
title: 6. AS-REP Roasting w/ Rubeus
updated: 2023-04-01T21:41:27.0000000+04:00
created: 2023-04-01T21:33:54.0000000+04:00
---

6\. AS-REP Roasting w/ Rubeus
Saturday, April 1, 2023
9:33 PM
1.  Very similar to Kerberoasting, AS-REP Roasting dumps the krbasrep5 hashes of user accounts that have Kerberos pre-authentication disabled. Unlike Kerberoasting these users do not have to be service accounts the only requirement to be able to AS-REP roast a user is the user must have pre-authentication disabled.

2.  We'll continue using Rubeus same as we have with kerberoasting and harvesting since Rubeus has a very simple and easy to understand command to AS-REP roast and attack users with Kerberos pre-authentication disabled. After dumping the hash from Rubeus we'll use hashcat in order to crack the krbasrep5 hash.

3.  There are other tools out as well for AS-REP Roasting such as kekeo and Impacket's GetNPUsers.py. Rubeus is easier to use because it automatically finds AS-REP Roastable users whereas with GetNPUsers you have to enumerate the users beforehand and know which users may be AS-REP Roastable.

**<u>AS-REP Roasting Overview -</u>**

During pre-authentication, the users hash will be used to encrypt a timestamp that the domain controller will attempt to decrypt to validate that the right hash is being used and is not replaying a previous request. After validating the timestamp the KDC will then issue a TGT for the user. If pre-authentication is disabled you can request any authentication data for any user and the KDC will return an encrypted TGT that can be cracked offline because the KDC skips the step of validating that the user is really who they say that they are.
